Course read-me (#1)
Fabriquartz/courses: course#3.md

# Course #3: Calculator with Ember
## Goal
* Create a page with a simple list of calculations and a calculator.
* Build a calculator that looks something like the picture below.

> * You can create larger numbers by clicking multiple times on (different) numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can create larger numbers by clicking multiple times on (different) numbers.
```

> * The send button creates a new calculation and shows the result afterwards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The send button creates a new calculation and shows the result afterwards.
```

> * The clear button removes the last character of the calculation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The clear button removes the last character of the calculation.
```

## Preparation
* Finish course #1 and course #2 and make sure your Ruby On Rails server is running
* Install all dependencies and run your Ember server

## Hints

> * `adapters/application.js`contains the configuration you neeed to communicate with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `adapters/application.js`contains the configuration you need to communicate with
```

your API. You don't need any additional configuration.
* Ember has blueprints for creating routes, controllers, components and models.

> * The CSS of this calculator is included, so you must be abble to create a look-a-like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CSS of this calculator is included, so you must be able to create a look-a-like
```

of the example. Feel free to create your own CSS.

## Rules

> * The layout of the buttons must be the same is in de picture above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The layout of the buttons must be the same as the picture above
```

> * The calculator never shows a result that doesn't match the calcultion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The calculator never shows a result that doesn't match the calculation.
```
